c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Form1.resources
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
c:\users\lamtranduc\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DXApplication1\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.licenses
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.exe
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DXApplication1.pdb
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.BonusSkins.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Data.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Utils.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Sparkline.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraBars.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraEditors.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Printing.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Pdf.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Form1.resources
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.ucControl.ucQuanLiCaTruc.resources
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.exe.licenses
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.xml
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraGrid.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraLayout.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraPrinting.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.RichEdit.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.XtraTreeList.v17.1.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\de\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\es\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ja\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\ru\DevExpress.Office.v17.1.Core.resources.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.ucControl.ucQuanLiTaiKhoan.resources
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.ucControl.ucQuanLiHoaDon.resources
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.ucControl.ucQuanLiNhanVien.resources
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.ucControl.ucQuanLiSanPham.resources
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.FrmThuNgan.resources
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\BUS.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DAL.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DTO.dll
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\BUS.pdb
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DAL.pdb
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\bin\Debug\DTO.pdb
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.frmTaiKhoan_Them.resources
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.ucControl.ucQuanLiBan.resources
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.ucControl.ucQuanLiDanhMuc.resources
C:\Users\lamtranduc\Documents\doan-cafeChat\cafeChat\DXApplication1\obj\Debug\DXApplication1.ucControl.ucQuanLiKhuVuc.resources
